Sister, what a coincidence, you can also come and have a look.
Or else?
Come to see you act, how do you speak?
Apologize to Yaoyao for everything
Don't walk in front of me if you think I don't sound good
I was thinking, can I? You can't.
Euro, we are here to advise you kindly
Everything from this auction today
At least 1 million
A family like yours
I guess I can't afford a dog for a lifetime
I advise you to leave quickly
Save a loss
brother
If you're really free, open the door
Don't come out and hate me
You still scold me
You still have some brains
It was Lao Tzu who scolded you
We're about to start.
Please sit down and don't bother to rush with you after get off work.
Traffic is expensive
Big brother and third brother, where have you been?
Why did it take so long to come back?
We went to prepare a surprise for you
What a surprise
Wait a minute and you'll know
Third brother, you are selling out again, little sister.
If you like anything at the auction today, just buy it.
Big brother will buy it for you.
Welcome guests
The auction officially began
And then the first byproduct.
Genius painter The constellation of dawn Breaks
Starting price 5 million